docs: add `group` parameter heading (#846)
nf-core/mag: docs/usage.md

- Within one samplesheet either only single-end or only paired-end reads can be specified
- If single-end reads are specified, the command line parameter `--single_end` must be specified as well

### The `group` parameter

> In MAG reconstruction, there are different strategies on how to both _assemble_ and _bin_ the samples. These are usually referred to as "individual" or "single" assembly and binning, versus "co-" or "pooled" assembly and binning. In the former, samples are processed individually. In the latter, samples are processed together. A common strategy is to assemble each sample individually (single assembly) and then pool all of the contigs together and map the reads against them (co-binning). This is usually chosen because since assembly is a computationally intensive process, it is very costly to assemble all samples together, even if it were to lead to better contigs. For binning, however, this isn't as limiting, and binning algorithms can leverage the fact that there is multiple samples for it to draw information from, hence the common strategy of combining single assembly and co-binning.
> 
> In nf-core/mag, by default, the group information is only used to compute co-abundances for the binning step, but not for group-wise co-assembly. That means that if you define one group for all of your samples, they will be assembled individually, and then binned in a pooled fashion, with samples being mapped to all contigs of all other samples. If you'd like to also _assemble_ your samples in a pooled fashion, see the parameter docs for [`--coassemble_group`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#coassemble_group) and [`--binning_map_mode`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#binning_map_mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MAG reconstruction, there are different strategies on how to both _assemble_ and _bin_ the samples.
These are usually referred to as "individual" or "single" assembly and binning, versus "co-" or "pooled" assembly and binning.
In the former, samples are processed individually.
In the latter, samples are processed together.
A common strategy is to assemble each sample individually (single assembly) and then pool all of the contigs together and map the reads against them (co-binning).
This is usually chosen because since assembly is a computationally intensive process, it is very costly to assemble all samples together, even if it were to lead to better contigs.
For binning, however, this isn't as limiting, and binning algorithms can leverage the fact that there is multiple samples for it to draw information from, hence the common strategy of combining single assembly and co-binning.

In nf-core/mag, by default, the group information from the input sample sheet in the is only used to compute co-abundances for the binning step, but not for group-wise co-assembly.
That means that if you define one group for all of your samples, they will be assembled individually, and then binned in a pooled fashion, with samples being mapped to all contigs of all other samples.

If you'd like to also _assemble_ your samples in a pooled fashion, see the parameter docs for [`--coassemble_group`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#coassemble_group) and [`--binning_map_mode`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#binning_map_mode).
```

Just to make it easier for commenting on specific lines!

But otherwise looks good to me.

I didn't implement this part of the pipeline, @d4straub do you agree with the description?

Reviewer: Sorry, when I ping you I normally mean the 'Sabrina-Daniel' era of primary development 😅

- Within one samplesheet either only single-end or only paired-end reads can be specified
- If single-end reads are specified, the command line parameter `--single_end` must be specified as well

> ### The `group` parameter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### The `group` column
```

technically not a parameter in Nextflow parlance - useful to draw distinction I think

Reviewer: Ups, missed that one!

> In MAG reconstruction, there are different strategies on how to both _assemble_ and _bin_ the samples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In metagenomics, there are different strategies to deal with the _assembly_ and _binning_ of multiple samples.
```

These are usually referred to as "individual" or "single" assembly and binning, versus "co-" or "pooled" assembly and binning.

> In the former, samples are processed individually.

Reviewer: [![suggestion(non-blocking)](https://img.shields.io/badge/suggestion-non--blocking-9CA3AF?labelColor=3B82F6)](https://pullpo.io/cc?l=suggestion&d=non-blocking) 
```suggestion
In the former, samples are processed independently.
```

In the latter, samples are processed together.
A common strategy is to assemble each sample individually (single assembly) and then pool all of the contigs together and map the reads against them (co-binning).

> This is usually chosen because since assembly is a computationally intensive process, it is very costly to assemble all samples together, even if it were to lead to better contigs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is usually chosen because since assembly is a computationally intensive process, it is very costly to assemble all samples together.
```

I think we want to be careful about saying co-assembly is better - it's context and sample-dependent and can lead to chimeric sequences

> For binning, however, this isn't as limiting, and binning algorithms can leverage the fact that there is multiple samples for it to draw information from, hence the common strategy of combining single assembly and co-binning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For binning, however, resources aren't as limiting, and binning algorithms can leverage the fact that there are multiple samples to draw information from, hence the common strategy of combining single assembly and co-binning.
```

> In nf-core/mag, by default, the group information from the input sample sheet in the is only used to compute co-abundances for the binning step, but not for group-wise co-assembly.

Reviewer: [![suggestion(non-blocking)](https://img.shields.io/badge/suggestion-non--blocking-9CA3AF?labelColor=3B82F6)](https://pullpo.io/cc?l=suggestion&d=non-blocking) 
```suggestion
In nf-core/mag, by default, follows this approach: the group information from the input sample sheet in is only used to compute co-abundances for the binning step (co-binning), but not for group-wise co-assembly (thus single assembly).
```

That means that if you define one group for all of your samples, they will be assembled individually, and then binned in a pooled fashion, with samples being mapped to all contigs of all other samples.

> If you'd like to also _assemble_ your samples in a pooled fashion, see the parameter docs for [`--coassemble_group`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#coassemble_group) and [`--binning_map_mode`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#binning_map_mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to also _assemble_ your samples in a pooled fashion (co-assembly), see the parameter docs for [`--coassemble_group`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#coassemble_group) and [`--binning_map_mode`](https://nf-co.re/mag/parameters#binning_map_mode).
```
